Docsite: replace Latin phrases to English (#71588)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/reference_appendices/faq.rst

.. _web_interface:

> Is there a web interface / REST API / and so on?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is there a web interface / REST API / GUI?
```

> Is there a web interface / REST API / GUI?
> ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Author: ```suggestion
Is there a web interface / REST API / GUI?
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
```
@acozine after i committed what you suggested, the separator line became a bit longer than the header's line, is it ok?

Reviewer: Sorry, I must've counted wrong. I'll leave it - if it's too short, it generates an error; if it's too long, it works fine but looks untidy. We can tidy it up later.

> ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
```
